feat(page-filters): Add page filters doc section (#5003)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/search/index.mdx

Search is available on several features throughout [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), such as **Issues**, **Discover** and **Dashboards**.

> ## Filters

Reviewer: The challenging content for users to understand on this page is the syntax, so i don't want that get buried below the fold. I think we should move this section to the end (just before Learn More). 
```suggestion
## Page Filters
```

> Page filters enable you to narrow down the results shown on a page by restricting data to a certain project, environment, or date range.

Reviewer: We avoid the word enable unless we're talking directly about enabling a setting 

```suggestion
Page filters allow you to narrow down the results shown on a page by restricting data to a certain project, environment, or date range.
```

  ![Page Filters](search-page-filters.png)

> These filters are normally only persistent within the current page, but you can choose to "lock" the current filter selection such that any changes made to the "locked" filter will be persisted throughout the application and even remembered between sessions.

Reviewer: This sentence is pretty long so I've broken it up. I also added a couple words to speak to current and change behaviour.

```suggestion
Typically, these filters only persist within the current page, but you can choose to "lock" the current filter selection. When you do this, the locked filter and any changes to it are persisted throughout the application and remembered between sessions. 
```

  ![Page Filters Locking](search-page-filters-lock.png)

> ## Syntax

Reviewer: I think it'll be helpful to make this more descriptive in light of the fact that we're adding content about page-level filters. 
```suggestion
## Query Syntax {#syntax}
```
